hello youtube friends today is a new
video for the channel and I'm going to show you
How to make seat belts
well we started the materials are
a pencil
a rule
scissors
but although they are going to be very hard if
it's not going to be very hard with scissors
but good any of the things
things work we know it as a
pencil
a rule and we will make two straight lines
short or long are not interesting but that
lengthen better
we will make two lines and if you want
they can do it longer
simulating it if you're good here
we will make a wave or a square what
you want but how nice
well then if you have it
so like that
for example but right now
then we will do
a cure like this
best
the heart
as there
desiccation before returning excited
two lines that's the simplest thing
it's something like this
so was
and then cut them off the edge
with scissors
good and we would cut it well
well so today so good and then you
we'll make a little square around so
without that without going to trim to the edge
so with and then we will remove the
scalpel
we will talk 15 so that you have the
mobility d
but how were
well so that you have mobility
to put the in
and it will be like that
well that was all friends
as you will see it was very simple right and it is
common
so I hope I like it and its young
on my channel thanks